README.md, before:

# gs-bot

> Version 0.1.0 is the basic structure and starting point for the Discord bot. This is a good starting point for the bot as it contains boilerplate code for starting the bot, handling, reading, and deploying commands, eslint, and a config file that is configured with enviroment variables. You can opt out of using enviroment variables by just adjusting the values in the config file.

### Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [How To Use](#how-to-use)
- [References](#references)

---

## Description

This is a custom Discord bot that uses the Discord.js library. The bot is a for-fun project that is on-going and a way to learn Nodejs, Discordjs, MongoDB, and more. I will be adding new things as time goes on and as my experience grows.

#### Technologies

- discord.js `v14.3.0`
- dotenv `v16.0.2`
- discordjs/rest `v1.1.0`
- eslint `v8.23.0`
- nodemon `v2.0.19`

[Back To The Top](#react-counter)

---

## How To Use

#### Installation

#### Enviroment Variables

[Back To The Top](#react-counter)

---

## To do

[Back To The Top](#react-counter)

---

## Questions

What is the difference between using interaction.isCommand() vs interaction.isChatInputCommand()?  
[Back To The Top](#react-counter)

---

## References

- Discord.js Official Documentation - https://discord.js.org/
- Guide for Building Discord Bot - https://discordjs.guide/  
  [Back To The Top](#react-counter)

Commit message:

update readme to start adding database connection

README.md, after:

# gs-bot

> Version 0.1.2 has all the basic commands now implemented. At this point, there is still no database connection or commands that trigger database queries. In this version, I will be working on connecting to the database.

### Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [How To Use](#how-to-use)
- [References](#references)

---

## Description

This is a custom Discord bot that uses the Discord.js library. The bot is a for-fun project that is on-going and a way to learn Nodejs, Discordjs, MongoDB, and more. I will be adding new things as time goes on and as my experience grows.

#### Technologies

- discord.js `v14.3.0`
- dotenv `v16.0.2`
- discordjs/rest `v1.1.0`
- eslint `v8.23.0`
- nodemon `v2.0.19`

[Back To The Top](#react-counter)

---

## How To Use

#### Installation

#### Enviroment Variables

[Back To The Top](#react-counter)

---

## To do

[Back To The Top](#react-counter)

---

## Questions

What is the difference between using interaction.isCommand() vs interaction.isChatInputCommand()?  
[Back To The Top](#react-counter)

---

## References

- Discord.js Official Documentation - https://discord.js.org/
- Guide for Building Discord Bot - https://discordjs.guide/  
  [Back To The Top](#react-counter)
